In short, this is what the car is called for.
fermentation do yogurt and right here
germinate the multiplication of grain women that
pleased to germinate here was
other container
able to help here was such and
cups i don't like cups
what is it if hi hi mother food or somewhere
I took my mother remember you and me
viewed in store for more than 20 to
It was 30 now there is no I looked
minimal
35 shorter than 40 somewhere on average 45
there is such a neutral machine
there is a little new type of such know
here a liter of danone milk is up as active
to you and to you
written here is activation danone
he is sugar free it will be kefir
same savory yogurt
google this can be one at all with me
I love to have a thick spoon right before if
wooden spoon straight is the way I
I looked here just such a machine recently
also g market and there it was with hellow
Kitty with such jars enough and not
It was on sale just in the picture was
she's shorter than this halloween kitty thing
Yes, and there are drawn such jars
some more curly you know not just
cups which are slightly flying figures
can be given no yoghurt nuke
yogurt maker
I scored and all 2 liters container not from
him easily to
and what this machine does she just in
it's warm to keep you in need of temperature
and well you and how much will be on y and 8
hours either yogurt and
Well done with a spoon, but I mean a spoon
drawn by a cup and in the picture i think
it's just flowers what it is
it turns out you don't need to close the container
Well there it means this yogurt
this is the germinating enzyme sent you
at and 8 o'clock and germinates how many 24
the reason why it was closer this not
will melt
all in eight hours the spoon will be
stand everything will stand
for even the phone is
although the company is up to the farm or what I don't know
medals
hereinafter the company is called nuke it there
such money wandered only and. further he
although everything is quite simple just
temperature maintained inside
certain and so many hours on the chris
drew to give
Is the rice is something I have this myth
me here and does not fit in
fidget so the roof for this reason
And this food I think a strange thing the
whether layers of rusin